Cursed by the gods to exist in a beastly state, they now roam the world crushing anyone and anything in their path. A member of a warrior clan that is as aggressive as they are deadly, this monster is only looking to kill. They aren't anything special, just a creature that wandered into the wrong encounter. This monster's bloodlust is as terrifying as their appearance. Persuasion and charm won't work with this beast, because it's an idiot. Moulded by the gods out of hardened metal and alloy, it is said that this monster can outrun an arrow in flight and leap over buildings in a single bound. Luring men in with their intense beauty and powerful magic, they appear benign but pose extreme danger to those that fall for them. A monster that can shape-shift at will and feeds on the blood of travellers that wander too far from the road. A spectral being that can pass through solid material and is rumoured to kidnap the souls of children. A spirit that lives in wooded areas, deforming those that look at them and casts spells to confuse anyone they meet. A rare beast that has the ability to breathe underwater and is known for dragging small prey into nearby water to drown and eat them. A beast whose teeth are alleged to be the keys for a treasure hidden in the mountains where it resides. This monster is larger than most of its kind, due to its compulsion to eat others of its species with little care for the consequences. Said to only appear with the passing of a powerful ruler, its intelligence and dexterity are not to be underestimated. A small, normally docile animal that has been enraged by the large knives placed into its shoulder blades. A large animal that is a hybrid of two other animals. A monster that has been outcast from its home because of mutated skin discolouration, it now wants to bring a hunting trophy back to prove its worth. A large aquatic beast that usually has an oblique appearance, but looks to be somewhat translucent for whatever reason. This monster is actually a human that had the ability to shape-shift, but didn't realise that it would eventually not be able to shape-shift back. These monsters are said to come from a utopia full of wealth and without pain or death, but craves the pleasures and hardships of the outside world. This monster has the ability to control storms, although it is not usually seen making use of this power. These monsters are said to be fond of abducting humans and humanoids with whom they fall in love, taking them back to their home, never to be seen again. A trickster deity that delights in playing with and taking advantage of mortals through magic and sleight of hand. A human that was infamously cursed to live as a monster, due to her hubris and pride in the face of the gods. A warrior that was fashioned from a small insect decades ago to fight on behalf of an elder god, it has since lost its purpose and now only fights to satisfy its hunger for blood. A creature with such superhuman agility and strength that to attempt to take one down is effectively suicide. This monster accidentally got into the mead barrels at the local tavern, so taking it down should be fairly simple. This isn't even a monster, it's just a nuisance. A large deity known from old and new myths that is responsible for pushing the sun across the sky. A large animal reputed to attack and drink the blood of livestock. A ghost-like monster that can also shape-shift into various large animals. A creature that is the result of the union between a humanoid race and a fire deity, its rage is responsible for the destruction of countless lives. A humanoid that has lost higher order thinking processes and the ability to speak, it can now only scream incessantly. This monster was transformed into its current form by a jealous goddess. A vampiric entity that possesses the recently deceased, those who fall prey to it are doomed to become its next vessel. A small goblin type creature that reputedly eats small children and animals. The manifestation of murderous intent, its appearance alone is said to cause even seasoned adventurers to freeze up. A bird-like creature with luminescent feathers, it is said to feed on expensive minerals such as gold and silver. They're very large and very frightening. This monster isn't very intimidating. It looks like this monster is preoccupied with something else, perhaps a crush. 