This building is large and wooden, and looks like it was put together in a hurry; the occupants don't look particularly friendly but appear to be allowing strangers in nonetheless. It is surprisingly extravagant and lavish for a building in this town, the spire at the entrance is surrounded on both sides by a series of marble pillars like dominos. The doors are made of expensive glass and there is a large clock at the top of the spire. The bells are starting to chime at the top of the building, which looks to be made of grey bricks and mortar. The beliefs of this faith are somewhat silly, but their architectural sense is absolutely superb. The building has a large symbol representing its faith above the front door; it looks like it has been duct-taped on. Rumour has it that the followers of this religion cut off their limbs in order to appease their god. Sometimes a muffled shriek can be heard coming from behind the building, but it should be fine. The roof of the temple is composed of gold and other fine metals, along with detailed statutes depicting stories of their faith. The member inside welcome you with open arms and invite visitors to take part in their practices and rituals. The building is made of cobblestone and brick, accompanied with large amounts of moss and green growths on the outside and inside. It's not clear what these people worship, but it looks like it's very fun. It's very beautiful, but the building emits a vibe that can only be described as uneasy. This faith was set up after an individual of another religion received a premonition telling them that they needed to make their own faith which is completely different. There is a general sense of dread that surrounds this building, which may be because of how it is made out of what appears to be animal or human flesh and bone. There isn't a clear entrance to this building, but there are a couple of holes in the side walls for some reason. The individuals outside the church aren't moving at all and are just staring straight aheadwith a confused expression on their face. The members of the congregation inside are smiling, but it isn't easy to tell why. The church is covered in graffiti, most of which is blasphemous in some way. Walking into this church isn't a good idea, especially considering the large guillotine delicately positioned above the front door. The pews inside are made of smooth metal, some of which is curved around to angle towards the centre of the stage at the front of the church. There are a lot of mirrors in the church for some reason. The greeter at the front door says they're going to rock everyone's world; they don't specify how. The church is made of wooden struts and doors, while there are holes in the walls which serve as windows. While the people inside appear friendly, the spikes attached to the outside walls of the building says otherwise. This building is made of cobblestone, while the pews inside are wooden. The ambience surrounding the church is calm and peaceful, reflecting the feeling of the interior as well. The priests outside are offering free stuff to anyone who enters, which is noticeably worrying. 